# READ ME
When you open your codetantra match question number below to the question number on your codetantra.

**WARNING: Do not copy and paste. This can result in suspicious activity and can ban you.**


# Q. No: 10732

## Question

Write a Java program that implements an interface.

Create an interface called Car with two abstract methods String getName() and int getMaxSpeed(). Also declare one default method void applyBreak() which has the code snippet

System.out.println("Applying break on " + getName());


In the same interface include a static method Car getFastestCar(Car car1, Car car2), which returns car1 if the maxSpeed of car1 is greater than or equal to that of car2, else should return car2.

Create a class called BMW which implements the interface Car and provides the implementation for the abstract methods getName() and getMaxSpeed() (make sure to declare the appropriate fields to store name and maxSpeed and also the constructor to initialize them).

Similarly, create a class called Audi which implements the interface Car and provides the implementation for the abstract methods getName() and getMaxSpeed() (make sure to declare the appropriate fields to store name and maxSpeed and also the constructor to initialize them).

Create a public class called MainApp with the main() method.
Take the input from the command line arguments. Create objects for the classes BMW and Audi then print the fastest car.

Note:
Java 8 introduced a new feature called default methods or defender methods, which allow developers to add new methods to the interfaces without breaking the existing implementation of these interface. These default methods can also be overridden in the implementing classes or made abstract in the extending interfaces. If they are not overridden, their implementation will be shared by all the implementing classes or sub interfaces.

Below is the syntax for declaring a default method in an interface :

public  default  void methodName() {
	System.out.println("This is a default method in interface");
}

Similarly, Java 8 also introduced static methods inside interfaces, which act as regular static methods in classes. These allow developers group the utility functions along with the interfaces instead of defining them in a separate helper class.

Below is the syntax for declaring a static method in an interface :

public  static  void methodName() {
	System.out.println("This is a static method in interface");
}

  
**Note:** Please don't change the package name.


## Solution
```
package q11284;

interface Car {
        public String getName();

        public int getMaxSpeed();

        public default void applyBreak(){
                System.out.println("Applying break on " + getName());
        }

        public static Car getFastestCar(Car car1, Car car2){
                return car1.getMaxSpeed() > car2.getMaxSpeed() ? car1: car2;
        }
}
class BMW implements Car {
        private int maxSpeed;
        private String name;

        BMW(int speed, String name){
                this.maxSpeed = speed;
                this.name = name;
        }

        public String getName(){
                return name;
        }

        public int getMaxSpeed(){
                return maxSpeed;
        }

}
class Audi implements Car {
        private String name;
        private int maxSpeed;

        Audi(int speed, String name){
                this.maxSpeed =speed;
                this.name = name;
        }

        public int getMaxSpeed(){
                return maxSpeed;
        }

        public String getName(){
                return name;
        }


}
public class MainApp {
        public static void main(String args[]) {
                BMW b = new BMW(Integer.parseInt(args[1]), args[0]);
                Audi a = new Audi(Integer.parseInt(args[3]), args[2]);

                System.out.println("Fastest car is : " + Car.getFastestCar(b, a).getName());
        }
}
```

